Master Yun is here to entertain you well
This is Master Lin
This is the waste called melon seeds.
You still go, you are better than him, hahaha.
It's just thanks to me that I fell him over.
Otherwise my daughter will be ruined by this crap
Xiao Chen, why don't you get out of here?
Just because you took this necklace to harm my daughter
I can call the police and arrest you
You mean the necklace was given by him?
Don't be angry.
I'll kick this stinky rope out right away
This sword without your foothold
Get out as far as you are
Stupid, stupid
It's true.
The Ocean Star was smashed by you.
Old Tie Qianhu
Are you kidding?
There's no way this thing is an ocean elephant
This kid is not even as good as a beggar
How could he possibly get the treasure of not marrying?
After this thing is crisp, it still shines
It's obviously how self-heating it is
What the hell do you know?
Love and Hate Star
But with the best sapphire in the world
Made
And then complex refractions can occur.
Reflecting iron blue like the sea
Finally, it can produce light.
This is enough to prove that the piercing thing is my name
This is actually true
I said I won't lie to you, Begonia Star
The sun never sets.
100 of your family assets
Combined, you are not the same 0 before the age of 20.
Oh.
If it's mine, get a cat and give him a new one.
What's possible?
I actually defended the endless protection?
People who don't know chicken gun day
I'm just ashamed to stand with you
Applause hum
I am a big deal
Lin Shaoyang, I said yours is the background.
Now it's something else. Take your stuff.